Modifications to prevent a crash with routes... (#5542)
mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android: CHANGELOG.md

- Exposed option in MapboxRouteLineOptions to change the default icon pitch alignment for waypoint icons. [#5531](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/5531)

#### Bug fixes and improvements

> - Fix for internal road class calculation used by the route line API for route intersections with invalid route geometry value. [#5542](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/5542)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Changed internal road class calculation used by the `MapboxRouteLineApi` to fail gracefully and log instead of crashing when invalid route `geometry_index` is provided in the route object. [#5542](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/5542)
```
